[MUSIC]
The syntax for index match can
appear complicated at first.
However, we are going to break
it into its subcomponents.
Index and then match.
We will work with each
formula independently, and
then bring them together
further into the exercise.
Lets start with the INDEX function.
The INDEX function
starts off by asking for
the array containing the value
you are looking for,
then the position of
the value within the array,
and then finally what column or
row to start with.
Let's give question 1A a try
to get a better understanding.
The first question asks, what country is
in the third row, inclusive of the header?
Let's flip over and
take a look at our data set.
Here is the country column.
The country in the third row counting
the header is one, two, three, Tanzania.
However, we can use
a formula to tell us this.
For our own reference,
if we highlight this column We'll
see here that this column is named
range labeled as country.
We will utilize name ranges going
forward throughout this exercise.
Let's try this using the INDEX formula.
We're going to type =INDEX.
The first field asks which
array we're looking for, and
we want the country which we
remember is a name range.
As we start to type country,
you can see it labeled down here.
Lets hit tab to accept it.
And then it's going to ask us what
row number we are looking for.
The exercise is asking what
country is in the third row.
So we are going to say three,
and since we selected a column, there is
no need to provide the column position.
We will come back and
experiment with the column position later.
If we hit Enter we come up with Tanzania,
just as we expected.
Now, why don't you give
it a shot in problem 1B?
By looking at what is
the revenue in the fifth row.
So the revenue associated with one,
two, three, four, five, Gabon.
Give it a shot!
[MUSIC]